README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="40px" />, I’m Krzysztof</h1>
<h4 align="center">I’m a self-taught software developer looking to create tools that can solve people's problems.<br>
You can also know me as a developer of a not-yet-completed NosTale server emulator called <a href="https://xenostale.pl">Xeno's Tale</a>.</h4>

### 📔 Here is some information about me:
- ❤️ My favorite coding languages are **JavaScript**, **TypeScript**, and **Java**.
- 🎮 I love games like **Warframe** and **Monster Hunter: World**.
- 🌐 My hometown is **Gdańsk, Poland**.
- ⚡ I have **two 🐶s** and **two 🐱s**.
- 💀 I’m not a fan of **Apple** and **Python**.
- 🐧 But I’m a huge fan of **Linux** tho.
- 👑 Oh, yeah **I’m also a weeb. (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻**

### 💻 Currently working on
- [Scheduler](https://github.com/zakuciael/scheduler) an universal **schedule parser** and **calendar event** creator.
- [Xeno's Tale](https://xenostale.pl) a not-yet-completed **NosTale server** emulator.

### 💬 Get in touch
<a href="https://zakku.eu/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Octicons-globe.svg" alt="zakku.eu" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/zakuciael/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/twitter.svg" alt="zakuciael" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/zakuciael/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="zakuciael" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.com/users/208525547070816256/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/discord.svg" alt="ZaKKu#0001" height="30" width="30" /></a>

### 📊 This week I spent my time on
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
```text
TypeScript   22 hrs 39 mins  ████████████████████▓░░░░   83.06 % 
JSON         1 hr 52 mins    █▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.88 % 
Docker       1 hr 15 mins    █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.62 % 
Java         27 mins         ▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.70 % 
JavaScript   23 mins         ▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.42 % 
```
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

Commit message:

Updated README.md with "Plan to work on" list.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/master/gifs/Hi.gif" width="40px" />, I’m Krzysztof</h1>
<h4 align="center">I’m a self-taught software developer looking to create tools that can solve people's problems.<br>
You can also know me as a developer of a not-yet-completed NosTale server emulator called <a href="https://xenostale.pl">Xeno's Tale</a>.</h4>

### 📔 Here is some information about me:
- ❤️ My favorite coding languages are **JavaScript**, **TypeScript**, and **Java**.
- 🎮 I love games like **Warframe** and **Monster Hunter: World**.
- 🌐 My hometown is **Gdańsk, Poland**.
- ⚡ I have **two 🐶s** and **two 🐱s**.
- 💀 I’m not a fan of **Apple** and **Python**.
- 🐧 But I’m a huge fan of **Linux** tho.
- 👑 Oh, yeah **I’m also a weeb. (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻**

### 💻 Currently working on
- [Xeno's Tale](https://xenostale.pl) a not-yet-completed **NosTale server** emulator.

### :page_with_curl: Plan to work on
- [Scheduler](https://github.com/zakuciael/scheduler) an universal **schedule parser** and **calendar event** creator.

### 💬 Get in touch
<a href="https://zakku.eu/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Octicons-globe.svg" alt="zakku.eu" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/zakuciael/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/twitter.svg" alt="zakuciael" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/zakuciael/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/linkedin.svg" alt="zakuciael" height="30" width="30" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.com/users/208525547070816256/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.3.0/icons/discord.svg" alt="ZaKKu#0001" height="30" width="30" /></a>

### 📊 This week I spent my time on
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
```text
TypeScript   22 hrs 39 mins  ████████████████████▓░░░░   83.06 % 
JSON         1 hr 52 mins    █▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   06.88 % 
Docker       1 hr 15 mins    █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   04.62 % 
Java         27 mins         ▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.70 % 
JavaScript   23 mins         ▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░   01.42 % 
```
<!--END_SECTION:waka-->
